# Phys360_Elastic_Collision_Final_Project

# For our final project, we will be looking at how we can code a simple elastic collision and represent our data through calculated graphs through Python data. Collisions are one of if not the most basic Physics concepts. We learned about them early on in our careers as Physicists, looking at Newtons laws and seeing first hand the effect of friction, elasticity, and conservation of energy. Now, I want to take the steps in showing how our prior data and understanding will be changed when we apply what we understand now to what we understood then. How will our data look when we use this coding language; What will we have to do to represent the data, to define our function; What variables will we change in order to show how the data changes; What will the produced graph and animation look like? 

# The main reason I want to take a look at this is how looking at projectile motion through code has changed my view of these simple concepts we've known for a long time. How would we tackle gravitational fields, what about circuits, what about capacitors, probability, entropy, thermodynamics. The building blocks of every single piece of data and every concept we've learned has been recontextualized in the representative field that is Python. It is not just importaint to learn and proceed and learn more, but to look back and remember what got us here to the present moment, and use what we have been taught so far to bring up our prior knowledge to what it needs to be now.
